h1. jQuery LiveTweet documentation

h2. What it does

jQuery LiveTweet is a jquery plugin that fetches tweets of a Twitter user.

h2. How to use it

<pre>
<code>
<script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script src="jquery.livetweet.js"></script>
<script>
$(document).ready(function() {
	$('#your_element').livetweet({
		'username' : 'twitter_user'
	});
});
</script>
</code>
</pre>

h2. Options

* *username*: Your twitter username. Defaults to @jeresig@ (jQuery's creator).
* *limit*: Number of tweets returned. Defaults to @5@.
* *timeout*: Request timeout. Defaults to @2000@ (2 seconds).
* *template*: A view for your tweets. Defaults to @<ul>{tweets}<li>{text}<br>{date}</li>{/tweets}</ul>@.
* *relative_dates*: Boolean. Uses relative dates (ie: @2 minutes ago@). Defaults to @true@.
* *format_date*: Date formatting function. Use it if you set relative dates to false. Defaults to a date like @Wednesday 12 March 2011@.
* *lang*: Language for dates and messages. Currently supported languages are @en, it, fr, de, id@. Defaults to @en@.

h2. Example

<pre>
<code>
$("#your_element").livetweet({
	'username' : 'sergio_martino'	
});
</code>
</pre>

h2. Example with custom date, template and language

<pre>
<code>
$("#your_element").livetweet({
	'username' : 'sergio_martino',
	'lang': 'it',
	'template' : '{tweets} {text} <br> {date} {/tweets}',
	'relative_dates' : false,
	'format_date' : function(js_date_object) {
		return my_date.getDay()+'/'+my_date.getMonth()+'/'+my_date.getFullYear();
	}
});
</code>
</pre>

h2. Licence

Released under "WTFPL":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WTFPL